iCue.md, before:

###### [For the rest of my projects and contact information, [click here](https://barraider.com) ]

<img src="/images/icuelogo.png" width="120"/>   

# CORSAIR iCue Battery Stats for the Elgato Stream Deck  

## IMPORTANT
Make sure your iCue is **in English**, this will not work in any other language!

## Installation
Please follow these step-by-step instructions to allow the plugin to read the battery stats.

<img src="/images/icue1.png"/> 

1. Open iCue and Select `Settings` from the top menu bar
2. Choose the device you want to see battery stats for (and verify it shows the battery status right under the device's image)
3. Select `Enable Battery Gauge in System Taskbar`

<img src="/images/icue2.png"/> 

4. Right-Click the Windows taskbar and choose `Taskbar Settings`

<img src="/images/icue3.png"/> 

5. Scroll down to the **Notification Area** and click on `Select which icons appear on the taskbar`

<img src="/images/icue4.png"/> 

6. Find `iCue` in the list and make sure it's set to `On`

7. Verify you now have a battery icon on the taskbar and notice the name of the device is shown along with the battery status.

<img src="/images/icue5.png"/> 

8. In the plugin, write the name of the device as shown in the image above (in this case type `IRONCLAW`)

[If you still have problems, feel free to contact me using the methods below]

### Please follow me for the latest project updates and twitch streams:  
<div align="center">
<a href="https://www.twitch.tv/barraider/" alt="@BarRaider"><img src="/images/twitch.png" height="32" width="32"/></a> 
<a href="https://twitter.com/realBarRaider" alt="@realBarRaider"><img src="/images/brtwit.png" height="32" width="32"/></a> 
</div>

### For help, ideas and feature requests join my [Discord channel](http://discord.barraider.com) <a href="http://discord.barraider.com"><img src="/images/discord.png" class="discord-img" height="32" width="32"></a>

Commit message:

✨ Add iCue 4 how-to setup
iCue 4 introduced a redesign, therefore the documentation required a slight update to show where the "Enable Battery Gauge" setting lies.

iCue.md, after:

###### [For the rest of my projects and contact information, [click here](https://barraider.com) ]

<img src="/images/icuelogo.png" width="120"/>   

# CORSAIR iCue Battery Stats for the Elgato Stream Deck  

## IMPORTANT
Make sure your iCue is **in English**, this will not work in any other language!

## Installation
Please follow these step-by-step instructions to allow the plugin to read the battery stats.

### iCue 4

<img src="/images/icue.png"/>

1. Open iCue and Select your device from the top menu bar
2. On the left hand side, click `Device Settings`
3. Select `Enable Battery Guage in Notification Area`

### iCue 3 (For Legacy Devices) 

<img src="/images/icue1.png"/> 

1. Open iCue and Select `Settings` from the top menu bar
2. Choose the device you want to see battery stats for (and verify it shows the battery status right under the device's image)
3. Select `Enable Battery Gauge in System Taskbar`

<img src="/images/icue2.png"/> 

4. Right-Click the Windows taskbar and choose `Taskbar Settings`

<img src="/images/icue3.png"/> 

5. Scroll down to the **Notification Area** and click on `Select which icons appear on the taskbar`

<img src="/images/icue4.png"/> 

6. Find `iCue` in the list and make sure it's set to `On`

7. Verify you now have a battery icon on the taskbar and notice the name of the device is shown along with the battery status.

<img src="/images/icue5.png"/> 

8. In the plugin, write the name of the device as shown in the image above (in this case type `IRONCLAW`)

[If you still have problems, feel free to contact me using the methods below]

### Please follow me for the latest project updates and twitch streams:  
<div align="center">
<a href="https://www.twitch.tv/barraider/" alt="@BarRaider"><img src="/images/twitch.png" height="32" width="32"/></a> 
<a href="https://twitter.com/realBarRaider" alt="@realBarRaider"><img src="/images/brtwit.png" height="32" width="32"/></a> 
</div>

### For help, ideas and feature requests join my [Discord channel](http://discord.barraider.com) <a href="http://discord.barraider.com"><img src="/images/discord.png" class="discord-img" height="32" width="32"></a>
